‎Jehovah loves people,
‎but he also holds us accountable
‎for our actions.
‎How does Jehovah feel
about those who claim to worship him
‎but betray him by their conduct?
‎How will he determine
who survives the great tribulation?
‎Why will Jehovah, a God of love,
‎execute millions of people?
‎Those questions are answered in section 4
‎of the Pure Worship book.
‎Based on Ezekiel 39:25, it’s entitled
‎“I Will Zealously Defend My Holy Name.”
‎The depth of Jehovah’s feelings
are vividly conveyed
‎in the first chapter of this section.
‎It has the title
‎“I Will Bring an End to Your Prostitution.”
‎That title is drawn from Ezekiel 16:41:
‎“They will burn your houses with fire
and execute judgment on you
‎“before the eyes of many women;
‎“and I will bring
an end to your prostitution,
‎and you will stop giving payment.”
‎As you study this chapter,
‎look for these key points:
‎Why is comparing false religion
to a prostitute
‎an effective illustration?
‎What do the prostitutes
‎of Ezekiel chapters 16 and 23
‎teach us about Jehovah’s feelings
regarding false worship?
‎What lies ahead for false religion,
‎and what action should we take now?
‎It’s so comforting to know
‎that Jehovah has
a strong emotional attachment
‎to those who serve him!
‎But that special relationship brings with it
‎a serious responsibility.
‎Never would we want
to hurt Jehovah’s feelings!
‎May this chapter
strengthen your resolve to give Jehovah
‎the pure worship
that rightly belongs only to him.